[Silence.]
[Music.]
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Hi there, friends, I'm Billy Johnson, your singing woodman.
Glad you could come this way up the trail.
How about having a seat beside me here on this log under the old pine tree?
Mighty pretty out here in the forest, isn't it?
That's cause we've kept fires from running wild through here.
You know, we thought you might enjoy taking time out for a few moments of song and storytelling.
Just across the trail there are those masters of song about America's great outdoors, the Sons of the Pioneers.
Hi, Billy.
I've got a little thought here to start off with.
You know, if all of us just get solid behind Smokey Bear and support him in this campaign against man-caused forest fires, if every last one of us backs up old Smokey to the hilt by being more careful than ever with fire, why, things will sure look up in the wings all over the country.
You know, Smokey Bear is kind of like a Boss Hanging Out a Rainbow.
Is that right, fellas?
[Music.]
Hi-ho, why should I be grieving?
Stormy clouds are leavin'. The boss is hangin' out a rainbow. Hi-ho, now the grass is greener. Air is cool and cleaner. The boss is hangin' out a rainbow.
I saw him throw his lariat, a braided lightning strand.
I saw him catch those angry clouds and burn them with his brand.
Hi-ho, now the sun is blazing.
Hungry cattle grazing.
The boss is hanging out a rainbow.
I saw him throw his lariat,
a braided lightning strand.
I saw him catch those angry clouds and burn them with his brand.
Hi-ho, now the sun is blazing. Hungry cattle grazing. The boss is hanging out a rainbow. The boss is hanging out a rainbow. Rainbow.
Yes, sir.
Smokey Bear is kind of like a boss hanging out a rainbow.
He needs plenty of help, though, in this business of preventing fire.
No matter who you are, whatever you do, wherever you live, you can help.
You can help by being extra, extra careful with fire outdoors.
Think about it this way.
How much time does it take, really, to be careful instead of careless?
To be thoughtful instead of thoughtless.
Very little time.
How much effort?
Very little.
But if every single one of us invested that little bit of time, that little bit of extra effort, what tremendous dividends we would have in forests and woods, free from fire.
With his ranger's hat and shovel and a pair of dungarees, you will find him in the forest.
Always sniffing at the breeze.
People stop and pay attention when he tells them to beware.
Cause everybody knows that he's the fire preventin' bear.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Smokey the bear.
Smokey the Bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
So let's remember Smokey and how he got his name.
Like Smokey, all of us should realize there's more than just lumber in trees.
By preventing fires, we help to protect the water values of the land and its beauty.
We protect wild fishing.
We safeguard picnic and campgrounds.
These are the things that Smokey Bear stands for in your behalf and mine.
And Smokey can only go so far in preventing forest fires as we go ourselves.
Won't it be a great day in the morning when we finally lick this business of forest fires that start through killing?
Sun to the Pioneers, how about a song?
Come on and pull away your troubles, get them to the moon, And tell all your worries for free. Cause there's a great day coming, can't you hear them all humming. It's a cowboy jubilee. If you've got lots of leisure time and nothing else to do
And wanna be happy as we Just grab your hat, get your boots on pretty soon You'll be long gone to that cowboy jubilee. Just hear that cowboy band a-playin'
You know your blues won't mean a thing when you get in the swing.
A cowboy's life is for me.
Soon all your cares you'll be sheddin', and like me, you'll be headin' to the cowboy jubilee.
[Music.]
Just hear the cowboy band a-playin' See the couples out there swayin' You know your blues won't mean a thing when you get in the swing A cowboy's life is for me. Soon all your cares you'll be sheddin' And like me, you'll be headin' to the cowboy jubilee. Cowboy jubilee.
Yes, sir.
It's always a lot of fun, isn't it, when folks get together at a jubilee or house party, at a county fair or a town meeting.
That's when folks get things done, working together, whether it's for fun or community good.
You see what I'm getting at, don't you?
It's going to take a lot of folks working together, each doing his individual bit in support of Smokey.
to whip the forest fire problem in this country.
Every concentrated effort should have a creed of some sort.
Here's a fine outdoor pledge some of you may have heard before.
It goes like this.
I give my pledge as an American to save and faithfully to defend from waste the natural resources of my country, its soil and minerals, its forests, waters and wildlife.
Now, if we will just follow this creed... Oh, hold on right there a minute, Billy.
If everyone gets back of Smokey, gives him his full support in his campaign against forest fires, why, there's no telling how far we can push on to a brighter day for America's forests.
Some folks say there are no new frontiers in this great country of ours.
Now, don't you believe it.
We've just begun to move against that old red devil fire.
And if we can just get past him, we'll be seeing greener forests, more productive forest lands, more opportunities for jobs and fun, more stable supplies of water.
So Smokey stands for a new frontier, all right.
A land free from fire started through carelessness or thoughtlessness.
We've got a song, The Sons of the Pioneers and myself, and we're going to sing it as a kind of a campaign song for Smokey.
Fellas?
There's a blue sky above And a land that I love Out on the new frontier. There's a moon shining bright And the stars every night Light up the new frontier.
Hurryin', scurryin', what's the use of worryin'?
Life is a happy song.
From a world of care and strife, there I'll find a peaceful light, far from the busy throng.
There's a blue sky above, and a land that I love,
Out on the new frontier. There's a moon shining bright And the stars every night Light up the new frontier. Moonbeams and starlight Blending as one. Fade into daybreak When night is done. I'll stake my claim there
Under the sun, out on the new frontier.
Out on the new frontier.
Well, would you look who's coming up the trail now.
Big as life with his ranger's hat and shovel and all talked out in dungarees.
He's the friend of all who love the outdoors.
He's the popular candidate.
the people's choice for support this year and every year.
He's Smokey Bear with a special message for us.
Hello there, friends.
I need your support.
Help me bring an end to carelessness with fire.
Please follow these four easy but very important rules.
One, break every match in two.
Make sure it's dead out.
Two, crush out every smoke.
When driving, use your ashtray.
Three...
Drown every campfire.
Or use care in burning anything outdoors.
Check the law.
Take no chances at all.
Thank you, folks.
Well, I'll be seeing you.
And there he goes down the trail.
Thank you, Smokey.
Well, friends, I suppose it's time for you to head back down the trail, too.
Thanks a lot for joining us under the old pine trees.
The sons of the pioneers, and I hope you have enjoyed these little meetings on the trail as much as we have.
We'd like to remind you that it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service of the United States Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to, that have made these little outdoor get-togethers possible.
Until some fine day when we say hi to each other again.
This is Billy Johnson, your singing woodsman, and those masters of outdoor songs, the sons of the pioneers, hoping you'll get on the Smokey bandwagon.
Remember, only we, you and I, can prevent forests, woods, and range fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before...
That's why they call him Smokey...name.
Smokey...
Prowlin' and a-growlin'...can find a fire.
...Smokey, that was...